added additional instruction (#4299)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/chronograf/v1.9/introduction/downloading.md

    parent: Introduction
---

> Download the latest Chronograf release at the [InfluxData download page](https://portal.influxdata.com/downloads).  Go to the section **Are you interested in InfluxDB 1.x Open Source?** and click on the down arrow to expand all 1.x download options.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest Chronograf release at the [InfluxData download page](https://portal.influxdata.com/downloads/#influx1x).
Click **Are you interested in InfluxDB 1.x Open Source?** to expand the 1.x options.
Scroll to the **Chronograf** section and select your desired Chronograf version and operating system.
Execute the provided download commands.
```
